just as they have for hundreds of years
the chimes of ancient bills continue to
mark the time in towns and farmlands
around modern up in northern Italy but
the sound of bells no longer dominates
these historic hills for as their echoes
fade other sounds take their place
this is the Zonda F the latest creation
of Pagani Automobili behind me is a
600-horsepower Mercedes AMG v12 capable
of blasting us to 350 kilometres an hour
in the time it's taken me to say these
words oh yeah Eddie Kim I'm ready
Oh
no one seems to notice as we flash by
and that's because these locals have
seen it all before
is home to the world's greatest super
cars these narrow roads used for decades
to test lamborghini tomorrow maserati
and diverse ferrari my driver today is
david a testy a former ferrari team
driver now working full time with Pagani
so he's qualified to drive at these
speeds
it kicks you in the back doesn't it
after a few hours of gut-wrenching
acceleration of high G turns and braking
demonstrations I feel like I've been to
combat on a fighter jet and appeal to
David a to slow things down this is
carrier
your lands is okay relying on your
paninis my name is MIA
now motionless in the afternoon Sun the
car still radiate speed the beautifully
crafted leather and titanium interior
luxurious for a weight conscious
supercar and the all-glass retro dash
with its 400 kilometer an hour speedo
seems to contradict the technology to
which it's attached it's not so much a
car as a mechanical work of art where
beauty needs beast in a synergy if you
like of Technology and sheer brute force
now that that is sexy it's the obsession
of a man who would settle for nothing
less than absolute perfection horacio
pagani is a former Lamborghini designer
who fired a dream to create a car that
would seamlessly blend high-technology
performance and aesthetic beauty with
the support of his late friend and
mentor the legendary motor racing
champion Juan Manuel Fangio he set up
shop near moderner in the early 90s and
with a small team of craftsmen began
hand building one of the most desirable
super cars in the world finder I say we
do with the potential followed this
process up to nineteen ninety-five when
he passed away the results achieved by
the car even recently in terms of
performance and safety and emotive pneus
would certainly have satisfied Fangio
named after an Alpine wind the Zonda is
everything for garni hope did it be an
all composite body mated through a
6-speed manual gearbox to erase tuned
7.2 litre Mercedes engine by molding the
cockpit entirely from carbon fiber and
using ultra light ultra strong alloys
like titanium and chrome moly denim for
front and rear ends Pagani has kept the
cars entire weight to just over twelve
hundred kilos that's why can hit the
speed limit in just 3.6 seconds
edit expect from a race bread engine the
exhaust note is more Formula One than
sports car okay revans this one's for
you now it's time for David a tube even
nervous passenger and it's not long
before he's stomping on brakes that
don't exist
are you nervous you've got quite unlike
most supercars the Zonda is designed to
forgive people like me firm steering
anti-lock brakes and traction control
that prevents me from accidentally
lighting up the rear wheels what's it
like to drive well if intimidating
actually but once you get over your fear
of the trouble you can appreciate all of
the road handling technology that's gone
into making it so safe to drive but the
thing that really gets your blood racing
is the explosive acceleration I only
have one piece of advice though don't
even think about having lunch before you
drive
story is brief barely eight years from
concept to reality but with more than 60
sales at a million dollars each lagani
is now an established and respected
player in the highly competitive
supercar market while the Zonda F has
been applauded as this year's best
performing street-legal supercar Pagani
is not yet satisfied and an even faster
Zonda will be ready in 2008
you